TODO.md, before:

﻿# TODO List
DONE... watch echarts option  
DONE... sticky ball  
Fail... ~~import iScroll~~  
DONE... appsettings in a file  
DONE... general method code in standalone file  
DONE... weather table components *realtime module, 5 day module*  
Fail... ~~static folder~~  
DONE... fiveday chart    
DONE... GetQDBinhai return json, and unify format with GetSevenCity  
DONE... GetBathsForcast return json  
DONE... tide section changes with city changes  
DONE... inshore table  
DONE... baths table  
DONE... drop down refresh  
DONE... loading toast  
DONE... echart x-axies range  
DONE... refined section  
DONE... echarts to component  
DONE... put chart into fiveday component  
Half done... fiveday bug after changed city  
Fail... try sticky on ios  
DONE... menu page  
DONE... tabBar masked on lanuch  
DONE... optimize tide chart, switch v-show earlier than change option  
DONE... vuex optimize  
DONE... 趋势预测  
DONE... optimize debug console log  
DONE... use local storage to speed up  *startup->localstore->netrequest->localstore*  
DONE... auto location, default location setting  
DONE... bug: baths shows in all city  
DONE... 城市预报  
DONE... 天气预报  
DONE... weihai special section  
DONE... clean web page mui infest  
DONE... optimize requests by move quest counter to complete  
DONE... test main map apis on iphone  
DONE... city map switch to satellite map  
DONE... city map switch to fishery map  
DONE... city map requests arrange
DONE... city map markers  
DONE... fishery map markers and polygons  
DONE... city map info window controls  
DONE... fishery map info window controls  
DONE... info window positioning  
DONE... typhoon map requests arrange  
DONE... typhoon map datas and map elements management  
DONE... typhoon map markers and info windows  
DONE... typhoon map polylines  
DONE... typhoon map moving marker path  
DONE... typhoon activition judgement  
DONE... fishery map icon position fine tune  
DONE... fishery map info window height fine tune  
DONE... typhoon map city map switch to satellite map  
DONE... typhoon map avoid path change  
DONE... typhoon map sort up zindex  
DONE... typhoon map typhoon name panel  
DONE... typhoon map search interface  
DONE... typhoon map interface enhancement  
DONE... 台风路径  
DONE... picPlayer  
DONE... GetTyphoonList_0904  
DONE... GetTyphoonPath_0904  
DONE... TyphoonforcastPath_0904  
DONE... GetSDSevenCity_0831  
DONE... index page typhoon warning request  
DONE... city map city info request  
DONE... typhoon map typhoon list request  
DONE... typhoon map search request  
DONE... typhoon map typhoon path request  
DONE... typhoon map typhoon forecast request  
DONE... GetEachWarning_ceshi -> GetFrontpageWarning_0905  
DONE... GetFisheriesForecast_0905  
DONE... GetWeatherMap_0905  
DONE... GetSatelliteCloud_ZG_0905  
DONE... GetRadarImages_0905  
DONE... index page wave warning request  
DONE... city map fishery info request  
DONE... picPlayer autoplay logic  
DONE... picPlayer init state  
DONE... picPlayer watch dataarray  
DONE... picSwiper  
DONE... picSwiper watch startindex  
DONE... picSwiper transition height  
DONE... picSwiper button fade  
DONE... fiveday forecast wind direction word wrap  
DONE... fishery forecast page  
DONE... fishery forecast page styling  
DONE... citymap and typhoonmap modify methods to new webservices  
DONE... 渔场预报   
DONE... 天气图  
DONE... 卫星云图  
DONE... 雷达图  
DONE... change webservice of tide forecast module  
DONE... modify option of tide forecast module  
DONE... modify index page tide forecast methods  
DONE... modify weatherforecast page tide forecast methods  
DONE... modify cityforecast page tide forecast methods  
DONE... warning page tabbar  
DONE... GetDangeWarning_0816 modify server ip  
DONE... warninglist page single list  
DONE... warninglist page icon  
DONE... warninglist page data flow  
DONE... warningdetail page incoming arguments  
DONE... warningdetail page  
DONE... warninglist page three lists   
DONE... warninglist component  
DONE... warninglist page renter tab selected  
DONE... current time pointer  
DONE... 预警报  
DONE... 新闻中心  
DONE... setting page layout  
DONE... clear cache  
DONE... contact us page layout  
DONE... contact us page validation  
DONE... contact us page daily limitation  
DONE... contact us page submit  
DONE... about page layout  
DONE... about page prevent scroll  
DONE... warning detail html templates  
DONE... warning detail html width fits  
DONE... check update android  
DONE... check update comfirm button text  
DONE... check update up to date message window  
DONE... mypicker  
DONE... mypicker animation  
DONE... mypicker on index page  
DONE... realtime weather module  
DONE... realtime weather module styling  
DONE... warning module animation  
DONE... warning module component  
DONE... GetSeaAreaforecastWX_0912  
DONE... oceanforecast table component  
DONE... oceanforecast page  
DONE... oceanforecast page styling  
DONE... navibar city selection  
DONE... selection panel with mask, for city pick  
DONE... bienvenu page  
DONE... bienvenu page skip  
DONE... index page demargin  
DONE... unify font in a generic css file  
DONE... table styling  
DONE... combine webservices  
DONE... apply combined webservice to index city weather page  
DONE... move request to App.vue  
DONE... baths forecast availability  
DONE... App.vue auto select city  
DONE... combine index page warning webservices  
DONE... apply new warning service to index page  
DONE... different chart different colors  
DONE... city forecast page refined chart two debug  
DONE... inshore table different date position  
DONE... baths table date  
DONE... weihai sp chart option tweak  
DONE... chart deborder  
DONE... refined chart title shorter inner split line  
DONE... page-section shadow  
DONE... contact us email check  
DONE... refined forecast location name update  
DONE... chart styling  
DONE... slide ball  
DONE... weihai sp watch method  
DONE... picswiper page init index  
DONE... clear storage logic change  
DONE... show bienvenu page setting  
DONE... map page refresh  
DONE... image page pull down refresh  
DONE... chart right chevron mark  
DONE... refined chart line label and time color  
DONE... contact us email address placeholder  
DONE... picswiper button change to font icon  
DONE... fix typhoon warning bug  
DONE... change px to upx  
DONE... update picSwiper  
DONE... update flowTabbar  
DONE... map page show/hide markers when map zooming  
DONE... map and typhoon map change var  
DONE... change image page interval time  
DONE... myPicker add hover-class  
DONE... change echarts  
DONE... clean timer when page unload  
DONE... myPicker, menu, setting and about page stop scroll  
DONE... ocean forecast page auto adjust font-size  
DONE... change inshore and baths models in vuex  
DONE... change weihai SP chart grid  
DONE... apply inshore and baths in App.vue  
DONE... apply inshore and baths in index page  
DONE... apply inshore and baths in components  
DONE... apply inshore and baths in city forecast page  
DONE... apply inshore and baths in weather forecast page  
DONE... index page show inshore table date correctly after change city in other page  
DONE... typhoon map apply hardware acceleration  
DONE... change image pages background color  
DONE... bienvenu page console message  
move bienvenu to index page  
manifest  
use opacity and position to show and hide blocks  
weather webservice deal with daily limit response  
responsive ui  
separate bis logic and general modules  
修改返回值不为JSON的接口  
set up Dev document, setting version, storage format version etc.   
webview pages  
deal with request response error  
deal with request response fail

Commit message:

menu page change button to view with hover-class.

TODO.md, after:

﻿# TODO List
DONE... watch echarts option  
DONE... sticky ball  
Fail... ~~import iScroll~~  
DONE... appsettings in a file  
DONE... general method code in standalone file  
DONE... weather table components *realtime module, 5 day module*  
Fail... ~~static folder~~  
DONE... fiveday chart    
DONE... GetQDBinhai return json, and unify format with GetSevenCity  
DONE... GetBathsForcast return json  
DONE... tide section changes with city changes  
DONE... inshore table  
DONE... baths table  
DONE... drop down refresh  
DONE... loading toast  
DONE... echart x-axies range  
DONE... refined section  
DONE... echarts to component  
DONE... put chart into fiveday component  
Half done... fiveday bug after changed city  
Fail... try sticky on ios  
DONE... menu page  
DONE... tabBar masked on lanuch  
DONE... optimize tide chart, switch v-show earlier than change option  
DONE... vuex optimize  
DONE... 趋势预测  
DONE... optimize debug console log  
DONE... use local storage to speed up  *startup->localstore->netrequest->localstore*  
DONE... auto location, default location setting  
DONE... bug: baths shows in all city  
DONE... 城市预报  
DONE... 天气预报  
DONE... weihai special section  
DONE... clean web page mui infest  
DONE... optimize requests by move quest counter to complete  
DONE... test main map apis on iphone  
DONE... city map switch to satellite map  
DONE... city map switch to fishery map  
DONE... city map requests arrange
DONE... city map markers  
DONE... fishery map markers and polygons  
DONE... city map info window controls  
DONE... fishery map info window controls  
DONE... info window positioning  
DONE... typhoon map requests arrange  
DONE... typhoon map datas and map elements management  
DONE... typhoon map markers and info windows  
DONE... typhoon map polylines  
DONE... typhoon map moving marker path  
DONE... typhoon activition judgement  
DONE... fishery map icon position fine tune  
DONE... fishery map info window height fine tune  
DONE... typhoon map city map switch to satellite map  
DONE... typhoon map avoid path change  
DONE... typhoon map sort up zindex  
DONE... typhoon map typhoon name panel  
DONE... typhoon map search interface  
DONE... typhoon map interface enhancement  
DONE... 台风路径  
DONE... picPlayer  
DONE... GetTyphoonList_0904  
DONE... GetTyphoonPath_0904  
DONE... TyphoonforcastPath_0904  
DONE... GetSDSevenCity_0831  
DONE... index page typhoon warning request  
DONE... city map city info request  
DONE... typhoon map typhoon list request  
DONE... typhoon map search request  
DONE... typhoon map typhoon path request  
DONE... typhoon map typhoon forecast request  
DONE... GetEachWarning_ceshi -> GetFrontpageWarning_0905  
DONE... GetFisheriesForecast_0905  
DONE... GetWeatherMap_0905  
DONE... GetSatelliteCloud_ZG_0905  
DONE... GetRadarImages_0905  
DONE... index page wave warning request  
DONE... city map fishery info request  
DONE... picPlayer autoplay logic  
DONE... picPlayer init state  
DONE... picPlayer watch dataarray  
DONE... picSwiper  
DONE... picSwiper watch startindex  
DONE... picSwiper transition height  
DONE... picSwiper button fade  
DONE... fiveday forecast wind direction word wrap  
DONE... fishery forecast page  
DONE... fishery forecast page styling  
DONE... citymap and typhoonmap modify methods to new webservices  
DONE... 渔场预报   
DONE... 天气图  
DONE... 卫星云图  
DONE... 雷达图  
DONE... change webservice of tide forecast module  
DONE... modify option of tide forecast module  
DONE... modify index page tide forecast methods  
DONE... modify weatherforecast page tide forecast methods  
DONE... modify cityforecast page tide forecast methods  
DONE... warning page tabbar  
DONE... GetDangeWarning_0816 modify server ip  
DONE... warninglist page single list  
DONE... warninglist page icon  
DONE... warninglist page data flow  
DONE... warningdetail page incoming arguments  
DONE... warningdetail page  
DONE... warninglist page three lists   
DONE... warninglist component  
DONE... warninglist page renter tab selected  
DONE... current time pointer  
DONE... 预警报  
DONE... 新闻中心  
DONE... setting page layout  
DONE... clear cache  
DONE... contact us page layout  
DONE... contact us page validation  
DONE... contact us page daily limitation  
DONE... contact us page submit  
DONE... about page layout  
DONE... about page prevent scroll  
DONE... warning detail html templates  
DONE... warning detail html width fits  
DONE... check update android  
DONE... check update comfirm button text  
DONE... check update up to date message window  
DONE... mypicker  
DONE... mypicker animation  
DONE... mypicker on index page  
DONE... realtime weather module  
DONE... realtime weather module styling  
DONE... warning module animation  
DONE... warning module component  
DONE... GetSeaAreaforecastWX_0912  
DONE... oceanforecast table component  
DONE... oceanforecast page  
DONE... oceanforecast page styling  
DONE... navibar city selection  
DONE... selection panel with mask, for city pick  
DONE... bienvenu page  
DONE... bienvenu page skip  
DONE... index page demargin  
DONE... unify font in a generic css file  
DONE... table styling  
DONE... combine webservices  
DONE... apply combined webservice to index city weather page  
DONE... move request to App.vue  
DONE... baths forecast availability  
DONE... App.vue auto select city  
DONE... combine index page warning webservices  
DONE... apply new warning service to index page  
DONE... different chart different colors  
DONE... city forecast page refined chart two debug  
DONE... inshore table different date position  
DONE... baths table date  
DONE... weihai sp chart option tweak  
DONE... chart deborder  
DONE... refined chart title shorter inner split line  
DONE... page-section shadow  
DONE... contact us email check  
DONE... refined forecast location name update  
DONE... chart styling  
DONE... slide ball  
DONE... weihai sp watch method  
DONE... picswiper page init index  
DONE... clear storage logic change  
DONE... show bienvenu page setting  
DONE... map page refresh  
DONE... image page pull down refresh  
DONE... chart right chevron mark  
DONE... refined chart line label and time color  
DONE... contact us email address placeholder  
DONE... picswiper button change to font icon  
DONE... fix typhoon warning bug  
DONE... change px to upx  
DONE... update picSwiper  
DONE... update flowTabbar  
DONE... map page show/hide markers when map zooming  
DONE... map and typhoon map change var  
DONE... change image page interval time  
DONE... myPicker add hover-class  
DONE... change echarts  
DONE... clean timer when page unload  
DONE... myPicker, menu, setting and about page stop scroll  
DONE... ocean forecast page auto adjust font-size  
DONE... change inshore and baths models in vuex  
DONE... change weihai SP chart grid  
DONE... apply inshore and baths in App.vue  
DONE... apply inshore and baths in index page  
DONE... apply inshore and baths in components  
DONE... apply inshore and baths in city forecast page  
DONE... apply inshore and baths in weather forecast page  
DONE... index page show inshore table date correctly after change city in other page  
DONE... typhoon map apply hardware acceleration  
DONE... change image pages background color  
DONE... bienvenu page console message  
DONE... menu page change button to view with hover-class  
move bienvenu to index page  
manifest  
use opacity and position to show and hide blocks  
weather webservice deal with daily limit response  
responsive ui  
separate bis logic and general modules  
修改返回值不为JSON的接口  
set up Dev document, setting version, storage format version etc.   
webview pages  
deal with request response error  
deal with request response fail
